feat: add support for externalized consumers (#7657)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/key-auth/overview/_index.md

}
```

{% if_version gte: 3.10.x %}

> ## Configure realms for centralized Consumers in {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Reviewer: Should this be an [example](https://deploy-preview-7657--kongdocs.netlify.app/hub/kong-inc/key-auth/unreleased/how-to/basic-example/) rather than on the overview?

Reviewer 2: Good point, I'll convert it to an example.

Add the `identity_realms` field as shown below:

```bash
curl -X POST \
https://{region}.api.konghq.com/v2/control-planes/{controlPlaneId}/core-entities/plugins/ \
   --header "accept: application/json" \
   --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
   --header "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN" \
   --data '{
      "name": "key-auth",
      "config": {
         "key_names": ["apikey"],
         "identity_realms": [
            {
               "region": "$REGION",
               "id": "$REALM_ID",
               "scope": "realm"
            },
            {
               "scope": "cp"
            }
         ]
      }
   }'
```
Be sure to replace the following with your own values:
   * {region}: Region for your {{site.konnect_short_name}} instance.
   * {controlPlaneId}: UUID of your control plane.
   * $KONNECT_TOKEN: Replace with your {{site.konnect_short_name}} personal access token.
   * $REALM_ID: The ID of the realm you created previously. 
   * $REGION: Region for your {{site.konnect_short_name}} instance.

> The order in which you configure the identity_realms dictates the priority in which the dataplane attempts to authenticate the provided API keys:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The order in which you configure the `identity_realms` dictates the priority in which the data plane attempts to authenticate the provided API keys:
```

* **Realm is listed first:** The dataplane will first reach out to the realm. If the API key is not found in the realm, the dataplane will look for the API key in the control plane config. 
* **Control Plane scope listed first:** The dataplane will initially check the control plane configuration (LMDB) for the API key before looking up the API Key in the realm.

> * **Realm isn't associated with a control plane:** You can also configure a single `identity_realms` by omitting the `scope: cp` from the example. In this case, the dataplane will only attempt to authenticate API keys against the realm. If the API key isn't found, the request will be blocked.
> * **Realm is only associated with a Control Plane:** You can configure a look up only in the control plane config by only specifying `scope: cp` for `identity_realms`. In this scenario, the dataplane will only check the control plane configuration (LMDB) for API key authentication. If the API key isn't found, the request will be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Realm only:** You can also configure a single `identity_realms` by omitting the `scope: cp` from the example. In this case, the dataplane will only attempt to authenticate API keys against the realm. If the API key isn't found, the request will be blocked.
* **Control Plane only:** You can configure a look up only in the control plane config by only specifying `scope: cp` for `identity_realms`. In this scenario, the dataplane will only check the control plane configuration (LMDB) for API key authentication. If the API key isn't found, the request will be blocked.
```

The API key is not known to {{site.base_gateway}} | No | 401
A runtime error occurred. | No | 500

### Externalized Consumers

-- Dummy/Link that points to Konnect Docs when ready.

> With the `pool_id` you obtained from the previous step, you can configure the key-auth plugin to validate API keys against the Identity Service.

Reviewer 4: @jschmid1 where does the `pool_id` come from? Konnect?

In the example above, if the remote pool is listed first, the dataplane will first reach out to the identity service and, if necessary, subsequently to the local pool.

Alternatively, you can configure the local pool first:

```yaml
pools:
  - geo: null
    id: null
    type: local
  - geo: us
    id: <the_pool_id_you_got_in_step_1>
    type: remote
```

In this configuration, the dataplane will initially check the local pool (LMDB) before querying the remote Identity Service.

If a matching key is found in any of these pools, the request will be authenticated. If the key is not found in any of the configured pools, the request will be blocked.

#### Configuring Single Pools

It is also possible to configure only a single pool, either local or remote. However, only one of each type can be configured.

To configure only a remote pool:

```yaml
pools:
  - geo: us
    id: <the_pool_id_you_got_in_step_1>
    type: remote
```

In this case, the dataplane will only attempt to authenticate API keys against the remote Identity Service.

To configure only a local pool:

```yaml
pools:
  - geo: null

>     id: null

Reviewer: `geo` and `id` should be optional (default `null`) imo
